
= Testoaster

Some testing goodies for Rails

= Functionality of Testoaster


This gem is designed for unit and functional tests.

This gem does the following:

 * adds method puts!() that allows you to inspect an element faster. The output (to standard) of puts!() is prepended by "+++ +++" so it is easier to find in logs. The output is .inspect`ed for clarity.

 * adds method puts_each!() that works like puts!() but on a list

 * adds method todo(msg='') that fails with a message

 * suppresses Paperclip attachment warnings

 * adds method assert_layout(layout)

 * adds method t(), which returns your localization information from file en.yml . The scopes of translations must be dot-delimited, for example: t('users.errors.unauthorized')

 * adds method sign_in_path() which always returns '/users/sign_in'

 * adds assert_contains(str) method which seeks the str as a regex in the response body.


== Contributing to testoaster
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet.
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it.
* Fork the project.
* Start a feature/bugfix branch.
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution.
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2012 Computational Arts Corporation.
See LICENSE.txt for further details.

